If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days, you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
The strongest muscle in proportion to its size in the human body is the tongue.
Every time you lick a stamp, you’re consuming 1/10 of a calorie.
The human heart creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every two weeks otherwise it will digest itself.
Humans are the only primates that don’t have pigment in the palms of their hands.
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
It’s possible to lead a cow upstairs…but not downstairs.
Dogs have four toes on their hind feet, and five on their front feet.
A cockroach will live nine days without it’s head, before it starves to death.
Butterflies taste with their feet.
Elephants are the only mamals that can’t jump.
Starfish don’t have brains.
Polar bears are left handed.
A duck’s quack doesn’t echo, and no one knows why.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger that it’s brain.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is thirteen seconds.
The fingerprints of koala bears are virtually indistinguishable from those of humans, so much so that they could be confused at a crime scene.
Snails can sleep for 3 years without eating.
Porcupines float in water.
Armadillos are the only animal besides humans that can get leprosy.
Many hamsters only blink one eye at a time.
A pregnant goldfish is called a twit.
A male emperor moth can smell a female emperor moth up to 7 miles away.
A giraffe can clean its ears with its 21-inch tongue.
Orcas kill sharks by torpedoing up into to shark’s stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.
Ten percent of the Russian government’s income comes from the sale of vodka.
The number of possible ways of playing the first four moves per side in a game of chess is 318,979,564,000.
Stewardesses’ is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver, and purple.
The Hawaiian alphabet has 12 letters.
Men can read smaller print than women; women can hear better than men.
Bullet proof vests, fire escapes, windshield wipers, and laser printers were all invented by women.
Nutmeg is extremely poisonous if injected intravenously.
Pearls melt in vinegar.
Honey is the only food that doesn’t spoil.
If you put a raisin in a glass of champagne, it will keep floating to the top and sinking to the bottom.
Only one person in two billion will live to be 116 or older.
If NASA sent birds into space they would soon die; they need gravity to swallow.
Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backwards, and are on the Australian coat of arms for that reason.
The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
More people are killed annually by donkeys than die in aircrashes.
Certain frogs can be frozen solid, then thawed, and survive.
Cat’s urine glows under a black light.
A shark can detect one part of blood in 100 million parts of water.
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
To escape the grip of a crocodile’s jaws, push your thumbs into its eyeballs – it will let you go instantly.
Babies are born without kneecaps. They don’t appear until the child reaches 2-6 years of age.
The 3 most valuable brand names on earth: Marlboro, Coca-Cola, and Budweiser, in that order.
Coca Cola was originally green.
40% of McDonald’s profits come from the sales of Happy Meals.
Every person has a unique tongue print.
The most common name in the world is Mohammed.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.
The world’s youngest parents were 8 and 9 and lived in China in 1910.
The youngest Pope was 11 years old.
Einstein couldn’t speak fluently when he was nine. His parents thought he might be retarded.
A ‘jiffy’ is an actual unit of time: 1/100th of a second.
First novel ever written on a typewriter: Tom Sawyer.
James Doohan, who played Lt. Commander Montgomery Scott on Star Trek, was missing the entire middle finger of his right hand.
Debra Winger was the voice of E.T.
During the chariot scene in ‘Ben Hur’ a small red car can be seen in the distance.
The first couple to be shown in bed together on prime time television were Fred and Wilma Flintstone.
Mel Blanc was allergic to carrots.
Every day more money is printed for monopoly than the US Treasury.
The city with the most Roll Royces per capita: Hong Kong.
Percentage of Africa that is wilderness: 28% Percentage of North America that is wilderness: 38%.
Barbie’s measurements if she were life size: 39-23-33.
Cost of raising a medium-sized dog to the age of 11: £4000.
The cruise liner Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of fuel that it burns.
A Saudi Arabian woman can get a divorce if her husband doesn’t give her coffee.
The dot over the letter ‘i’ is called a tittle.
Most lipstick contains fish scales.
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn’t wear trousers.
Ketchup was sold in the 1830s as medicine.
A crocodile can’t stick it’s tongue out.
A shrimp’s heart is in it’s head.
It is physically impossible for pigs to look up into the sky.
More than 50% of the people in the world have never made or received a telephone call.
Rats and horses can’t vomit.
If you sneeze too hard, you can fracture a rib.
If you try to suppress a sneeze, you can rupture a blood vessel in your head or neck and die.
If you keep your eyes open by force when you sneeze, you might pop an eyeball out.
Rats multiply so quickly that in 18 months, two rats could have over a million descendants.
Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
In every episode of Seinfeld there is a Superman somewhere.
The cigarette lighter was invented before the match.
23% of all photocopier faults worldwide are caused by people sitting on them and photocopying their butts.
In the course of an average lifetime you will, while sleeping, eat 70 assorted insects and 10 spiders.
Like fingerprints, everyone’s tongue print is different.
Over 75% of people who read this will try to lick their elbow.
A crocodile can’t move its tongue and cannot chew. Its digestive juices are so strong that it can digest a steel nail.
A person can live without food for about a month, but only about a week without water.
If the amount of water in your body is reduced by just 1%, you’ll feel thirsty.
If it’s reduced by 10%, you’ll die.
Ethernet is a registered trademark of Xerox, Unix is a registered trademark of AT&T.
Bill Gates’ first business was Traff-O-Data, a company that created machines which recorded the number of cars passing a given point on a road.
Uranus’ orbital axis is tilted at 90 degrees.
Outside the USA, Ireland is the largest software producing country in the world.
The first fossilized specimen of Australopithecus afarenisis was named Lucy after the paleontologists’ favorite song “Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds,” by the Beatles.
Figlet, an ASCII font converter program, stands for Frank, Ian and Glenn’s LETters.
Every human spent about half an hour as a single cell.
Every year about 98% of atoms in your body are replaced.
Hot water is heavier than cold.
Plutonium – first weighed on August 20th, 1942, by University of Chicago scientists Glenn Seaborg and his colleagues – was the first man-made element.
If you went out into space, you would explode before you suffocated because there’s no air pressure.
The radioactive substance, Americanium – 241 is used in many smoke detectors.
Sound travels 15 times faster through steel than through the air.
On average, half of all false teeth have some form of radioactivity.
Only one satellite has been ever been destroyed by a meteor: the European Space Agency’s Olympus in 1993.
A chip of silicon a quarter-inch square has the capacity of the original 1949 ENIAC computer, which occupied a city block.
At a jet plane’s speed of 1,000 km per hour, the length of the plane becomes one atom shorter than its original length.
Western Electric successfully brought sound to motion pictures and introduced systems of mobile communications which culminated in the cellular telephone.
On December 23, 1947, Bell Telephone Laboratories in Murray Hill, N.J., held a secret demonstration of the transistor which marked the foundation of modern electronics.
Ostriches are often not taken seriously. They can run faster than horses, and the males can roar like lions.
Seals used for their fur get extremely sick when taken aboard ships.
Sloths take two weeks to digest their food.
Guinea pigs and rabbits can’t sweat.
According to the Wall Street Journal, the cockfighting market is huge: The Philippines has five million roosters used for exactly that.
The porpoise is second to man as the most intelligent animal on the planet.
Young beavers stay with their parents for the first two years of their lives before going out on their own.
Skunks can accurately spray their smelly fluid as far as ten feet.
Deer can’t eat hay.
Gopher snakes in Arizona are not poisonous, but when frightened they may hiss and shake their tails like rattlesnakes.
On average, dogs have better eyesight than humans, although not as colorful.
The duckbill platypus can store as many as six hundred worms in the pouches of its cheeks.
The lifespan of a squirrel is about nine years.
North American oysters do not make pearls of any value.
Human birth control pills work on gorillas.
Gorillas sleep as much as fourteen hours per day.
A biological reserve has been made for golden toads because they are so rare.
There are more than fifty different kinds of kangaroos.
Jellyfish like salt water. A rainy season often reduces the jellyfish population by putting more fresh water into normally salty waters where they live.
The female lion does ninety percent of the hunting.
A group of twelve or more cows is called a flink.
You can tell the sex of a horse by its teeth. Most males have 40, females have 36.
Money isn’t made out of paper; it’s made out of cotton.
The 57 on Heinz ketchup bottle represents the varieties of pickle the company once had.
Your stomach produces a new layer of mucus every two weeks – otherwise it will digest itself.
The Declaration of Independence was written on hemp paper.
A raisin dropped in a glass of fresh champagne will bounce up and down continuously from the bottom of the glass to the top.
Susan Lucci is the daughter of Phyllis Diller.
Every person has a unique tongue print as well as fingerprints.
315 entries in Webster’s 1996 Dictionary were misspelled.
On average, 12 newborns will be given to the wrong parents daily.
Warren Beatty and Shirley MacLaine are brother and sister.
Orcas kill sharks by torpedoing up into the shark’s stomach from underneath, causing the shark to explode.
Donald Duck comics were banned from Finland because he doesn’t wear any pants.
Because metal was scarce, the Oscars given out during World War II were made of wood.
There are no clocks in Las Vegas gambling casinos.
The name Wendy was made up for the book Peter Pan, there was never a recorded Wendy before.
There are no words in the dictionary that rhyme with: orange, purple, and silver.
Leonardo Da Vinci invented scissors.
A tiny amount of liquor on a scorpion will make it instantly go mad and sting itself to death.
Chewing gum while peeling onions will keep you from crying.
The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher.
Guinness Book of Records holds the record for being the book most often stolen from Public Libraries.
Astronauts are not allowed to eat beans before they go into space because passing wind in a space suit damages them.
Queue is the only word in the English language that is still pronounced the same way when the last four letters are removed.
Beetles taste like apples, wasps like pine nuts, and worms like fried bacon.
Of all the words in the English language, the word set has the most definitions.
Almost is the longest word in the English language with all the letters in alphabetical order.
Rhythm is the longest English word without a vowel.
In 1386, a pig in France was executed by public hanging for the murder of a child.
A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off.
Human thigh bones are stronger than concrete.
You can’t kill yourself by holding your breath.
There is a city called Rome on every continent.
It’s against the law to have a pet dog in Iceland.
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day.
Horatio Nelson, one of England’s most illustrious admirals was throughout his life, never able to find a cure for his sea-sickness.
The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London.
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people.
Your ribs move about 5 million times a year, everytime you breathe.
The elephant is the only mammal that can’t jump.
One quarter of the bones in your body, are in your feet.
Like fingerprints, everyone’s tongue print is different.
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails.
Most dust particles in your house are made from dead skin.
The present population of 5 billion plus people of the world is predicted to become 15 billion by 2080.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Adolf Hitler was a vegetarian, and had only ONE testicle.
Honey is the only food that does not spoil. Honey found in the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs has been tasted by archaeologists and found edible.
Coca-Cola would be green if colouring weren’t added to it.
On average a hedgehog’s heart beats 300 times a minute.
More people are killed each year from bees than from snakes.
The average lead pencil will draw a line 35 miles long or write approximately 50,000 English words.
More people are allergic to cow’s milk than any other food.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
The placement of a donkey’s eyes in its’ heads enables it to see all four feet at all times.
The six official languages of the United Nations are: English, French, Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Spanish.
Earth is the only planet not named after a god.
It’s against the law to burp, or sneeze in a church in Nebraska, USA.
You’re born with 300 bones, but by the time you become an adult, you only have 206.
Some worms will eat themselves if they can’t find any food.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
The worlds oldest piece of chewing gum is 9000 years old.
The longest recorded flight of a chicken is 13 seconds.
Slugs have 4 noses.
Owls are the only birds who can see the colour blue.
A man named Charles Osborne had the hiccups for 69 years.
The average person laughs 10 times a day.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than its brain.
If you yelled for 8 years, 7 months and 6 days you would have produced enough sound energy to heat one cup of coffee.
If you farted consistently for 6 years and 9 months, enough gas is produced to create the energy of an atomic bomb.
The human heart. creates enough pressure when it pumps out to the body to squirt blood 30 feet.
A pig’s orgasm lasts 30 minutes.
A cockroach will live nine days without its head before it starves to death.
Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories a hour.
The male praying mantis cannot copulate while its head is attached to its body. The female initiates sex by ripping the male’s head off.
The flea can jump 350 times its body length. It’s like a human jumping the length of a football field.
The catfish has over 27,000 taste buds.
Some lions mate over 50 times a day.
The strongest muscle in the body is the tongue.
A cat’s urine glows under a black light.
Starfish have no brains.
Polar bears are left-handed.
Humans and dolphins are the only species that have sex for pleasure.
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
The national anthem of Greece has 158 verses.  No one in Greece has memorized all 158 verses.
There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
The average secretary’s left hand does 56% of the typing.
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
There are more chickens than people in the world.
Two-thirds of the world’s eggplant is grown in New Jersey.
The longest one-syllable word in the English language is screeched.
All of the clocks in the movie Pulp Fiction are stuck on 4:20.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver or purple.
All 50 states are listed across the top of the Lincoln Memorial on the back of the $5 bill.
Almonds are members of the peach family.
Winston Churchill was born in a ladies’ room during a dance.
Maine is the only state whose name is just one syllable.
A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
An ostrich’s eye is bigger than it’s brain.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
In most advertisements, including newspapers, the time displayed on a watch is 10:10.
Al Capone’s business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
The only real person to be a Pez head was Betsy Ross.
When the University of Nebraska Cornhuskers play football at home, the stadium becomes the state’s third largest city.
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
A goldfish has a memory span of three seconds.
A dime has 118 ridges around the edge.
It’s impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
The giant squid has the largest eyes in the world.
The male gypsy moth can smell the virgin female gypsy moth from 1.8 miles away.
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
The microwave was invented after a researcher walked by a radar tube and a chocolate bar melted in his pocket.
Mr. Rogers is an ordained minister.
John Lennon’s first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
There are 336 dimples on a regulation golf ball.
‘Stewardesses’ is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
The pound key on your keyboard is called an octotroph.
The only domestic animal not mentioned in the Bible is the cat.
The dot over the letter i is called a tittle.
Table tennis balls have been known to travel off the paddle at speeds up to 160 km/hr.
Pepsi originally contained pepsin, thus the name.
Michael Jordan makes more money from NIKE annually than all of the Nike factory workers in Malaysia combined.
The volume of the Earth’s moon is the same as the volume of the Pacific Ocean.
Cephalacaudal recapitulation is the reason our extremities develop Faster than the rest of us.
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne.
Hydrogen gas is the least dense substance in the world, at 0.08988g/cc.  Hydrogen solid is the most dense substance in the world, at 70.6g/cc.
Each year there is one ton of cement poured for each man woman and child in the world.
The house fly hums in the middle octave key of F.
The only capital letter in the Roman alphabet with exactly one end point is P.
The giant red star Betelgeuse has a diameter larger than that of the Earth’s orbit around the sun.
Only 1 in 2,000,000,000 will live to be 116 or older.
When you tie a noose, the rope is wrapped twelve times around because it’s the same length as a persons head.
Hummingbirds are the only animal that can fly backwards.
A cat’s jaw cannot move sideways.
Average life span of a major league baseball: 7 pitches.
Hershey’s Kisses are called that because the machine that makes them looks like it’s kissing the conveyor belt.
The cruise liner, Queen Elizabeth II, moves only six inches for each gallon of diesel that it burns.
In Cleveland, Ohio, it’s illegal to catch mice without a hunting license.
It takes 3,000 cows to supply the NFL with enough leather for a year’s supply of footballs.
There are an average of 178 sesame seeds on a McDonald’s Big Mac bun.
The world’s termites outweigh the world’s humans 10 to 1.
Pound for pound, hamburgers cost more than new cars.
When Heinz ketchup leaves the bottle, it travels at a rate of 25 miles per year.
Elephants can’t jump.  Every other mammal can.
Most American car horns honk in the key of F.
Barbie’s full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.
Every time you lick a stamp, you consume 1/10 of a calorie.
Your stomach has to produce a new layer of mucus every 2 weeks otherwise it will digest itself.
A pig’s orgasm lasts for 30 minutes.
Reindeer like to eat bananas.
No word in the English language rhymes with month, orange, silver and purple.
The word samba means to rub navels together.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
The very first bomb dropped by the Allies on Berlin during World War II Killed the only elephant in the Berlin Zoo.
More people are killed annually by donkeys than airplane crashes.
A whale’s penis is called a dork.
Because of the rotation of the earth, an object can be thrown farther if it is thrown west.
The average person spends 6 months of their life sitting at red lights.
More Monopoly money is printed in a year, than real money throughout the world.
Caesar salad has nothing to do with any of the Caesars. It was first concocted in a bar in Tijuana, Mexico, in the 1920′s.
One quarter of the bones in your body are in your feet.
